Update start-translating-openedx.rst (#418)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/translators/quickstarts/start-translating-openedx.rst

  role.
* You have joined the Transifex `edx-platform project`_ with the language(s) you wish
  to translate to
* You have to be fluent in both English and the language(s) you are translating to. You should
  have deep knowledge of English to be capable of translating phrases from the user
  interface and  documentation. You should become a translator only if you feel
  you are capable of translating in both English and your target language. Open edX is
  written in English, so all translations are done from English to another language

> * You have joined the Open edX Slack or discuss. Links to join are available at the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have joined the Open edX Slack and Discourse (https://discuss.openedx.org) . Links to join are available at the
```
